This information surfaced even more slowly. “Professor. Art history and symbology.
Harvard University.”

Dr. Brooks lowered the light, looking startled. The doctor with the bushy eyebrows
looked equally surprised.

“You’re an American?”

Langdon gave her a confused look.

“It’s just She hesitated. “You had no identiﬁcation when you arrived tonight. You
were wearing Harris Tweed and Somerset loafers, so we guessed British."

“I’m American,” Langdon assured her, too exhausted to explain his preference for well-
tailored clothing.

“Any pain?”

“My head,” Langdon replied, his throbbing skull only made worse by the bright penlight.
Thankfully, she now pocketed it, taking Langdon’s wrist and checking his pulse.

“You woke up shouting," the woman said. “Do you remember why?”

Langdon ﬂashed again on the strange vision of the veiled woman surrounded by
writhing bodies. Seek and ye shall ﬁnd. “I was having a nightmare.”

“About?”

Langdon told her.

Dr. Brooks’s expression remained neutral as she made notes on a clipboard. “Any idea
what might have sparked such a frightening vision?”

Langdon probed his memory and then shook his head, which pounded in protest.

“Okay, Mr. Langdon,” she said, still writing, “a couple of routine questions for you. What
day of the week is it?”

Langdon thought for a moment. “It’s Saturday. I remember earlier today walking across
campus going to an afternoon lecture series, and then that’s pretty much the last
thing I remember. Did Ifall?”

“We’ll get to that. Do you know where you are?”

Langdon took his best guess. “Massachusetts General Hospital?”

Dr. Brooks made another note. “And is there someone we should call for you? Wife?
Children?”

“Nobody,” Langdon replied instinctively. He had always enjoyed the solitude and
independence provided him by his chosen life of bachelorhood, although he had to admit,
in his current situation, he’d prefer to have a familiar face at his side. “There are some
colleagues I could call, but I’m ﬁne."

Dr. Brooks ﬁnished writing, and the older doctor approached. Smoothing back his bushy
eyebrows, he produced a small voice recorder from his pocket and showed it to Dr.
Brooks. She nodded in understanding and turned back to her patient.

“Mr. Langdon, when you arrived tonight, you were mumbling something over and over.”
She glanced at Dr. Marconi, who held up the digital recorder and pressed a button.

A recording began to play, and Langdon heard his own groggy voice, repeatedly
muttering the same phrase: “Ve sorry. Ve sorry.”

“It sounds to me," the woman said, “like you’re saying, ‘Very sorry. Very sorry.’ "

Langdon agreed, and yet he had no recollection of it.

