Where am I? What happened?

The back of Langdon’s head throbbed, a gnawing pain. Gingerly, he reached up with his
free arm and touched his scalp, trying to locate the source of his headache. Beneath his
matted hair, he found the hard nubs of a dozen or so stitches caked with dried blood.

He closed his eyes, trying to remember an accident.

Nothing. A total blank.

Think.

Only darkness.

A man in scrubs hurried in, apparently alerted by Langdon’s racing heart monitor. He
had a shaggy beard, bushy mustache, and gentle eyes that radiated a thoughtful calm
beneath his overgrown eyebrows.

“What happened?” Langdon managed. “Did I have an accident?”

The bearded man put a ﬁnger to his lips and then rushed out, calling for someone
down the hall.

Langdon turned his head, but the movement sent a spike of pain radiating through his
skull. He took deep breaths and let the pain pass. Then, very gently and methodically, he
surveyed his sterile surroundings.

The hospital room had a single bed. No ﬂowers. No cards. Langdon saw his clothes on
a nearby counter, folded inside a clear plastic bag. They were covered with blood.

My God. It must have been bad.

Now Langdon rotated his head very slowly toward the window beside his bed. It was
dark outside. Night. All Langdon could see in the glass was his own reﬂection—an ashen
stranger, pale and weary, attached to tubes and wires, surrounded by medical
equipment.

Voices approached in the hall, and Langdon turned his gaze back toward the room. The
doctor returned, now accompanied by a woman.

She appeared to be in her early thirties. She wore blue scrubs and had tied her blond
hair back in a thick ponytail that swung behind her as she walked.

“I’m Dr. Sienna Brooks,” she said, giving Langdon a smile as she entered. “I’ll be
working with Dr. Marconi tonight.”

Langdon nodded weakly.

Tall and lissome, Dr. Brooks moved with the assertive gait of an athlete. Even in
shapeless scrubs, she had a willowy elegance about her. Despite the absence of any
makeup that Langdon could see, her complexion appeared unusually smooth, the only
blemish a tiny beauty markjust above her lips. Her eyes, though a gentle brown, seemed
unusually penetrating, as if they had witnessed a profundity of experience rarely
encountered by a person her age.

“Dr. Marconi doesn’t speak much English,” she said, sitting down beside him, “and he
asked me to ﬁll out your admittance form.” She gave him another smile.

“Thanks,” Langdon croaked.

“Okay,” she began, her tone businesslike. “What is your name?”

It took him a moment. “Robert Langdon.”

She shone a penlight in Langdon's eyes. “Occupation?"

