PROLOGUE

I AM THE Shade.

Through the dolent city, Iﬂee.

Through the eternal woe, Itake ﬂight.

Along the banks of the river Arno, I scramble, breathless turning left onto Via dei
Castellani, making my way northward, huddling in the shadows of the Ufﬁzi.

And still they pursue me.

Their footsteps grow louder now as they hunt with relentless determination.

For years they have pursued me. Their persistence has kept me underground forced
me to live in purgatory laboring beneath the earth like a chthonic monster.

I am the Shade.

Here aboveground, I raise my eyes to the north, but I am unable to ﬁnd a direct path
to salvation for the Apennine Mountains are blotting out the ﬁrst light of dawn.

I pass behind the palazzo with its crenellated tower and one-handed clock snaking
through the early-morning vendors in Piazza di San Firenze with their hoarse voices
smelling of lampredotto and roasted olives. Crossing before the Bargello, I cut west
toward the spire of the Badia and come up hard against the iron gate at the base of the
stairs.

Here all hesitation must be left behind.

Iturn the handle and step into the passage from which I know there will be no return. I
urge my leaden legs up the narrow staircase spiraling skyward on soft marble treads,
pitted and worn.

The voices echo from below. Beseeching.

They are behind me, unyielding, closing in.

They do not understand what is coming nor what I have done for them!

Ungrateful land!

As I climb, the visions come hard the lustful bodies writhing in ﬁery rain, the
gluttonous souls ﬂoating in excrement, the treacherous villains frozen in Satan’s icy grasp.

I climb the ﬁnal stairs and arrive at the top, staggering near dead into the damp
morning air. I rush to the head-high wall, peering through the slits. Far below is the
blessed city that I have made my sanctuary from those who exiled me.

The voices call out, arriving close behind me. “What you’ve done is madness!"

Madness breeds madness.

“For the love of God," they shout, “tell us where you’ve hidden it!”

For precisely the love of God, I will not.

I stand now, cornered, my back to the cold stone. They stare deep into my clear green
eyes, and their expressions darken, no longer cajoling, but threatening. “You know we
have our methods. We can force you to tell us where it is.”

For that reason, I have climbed halfway to heaven.

Without warning, I turn and reach up, curling my ﬁngers onto the high ledge, pulling
myself up, scrambling onto my knees, then standing unsteady at the precipice. Guide

