Dr. Brooks ﬁxed him with a disquietingly intense stare. “Do you have any idea why
you’d be saying this? Are you sorry about something?”

As Langdon probed the dark recesses of his memory, he again saw the veiled woman.
She was standing on the banks of a bloodred river surrounded by bodies. The stench of
death returned.

Langdon was overcome by a sudden, instinctive sense of danger not just for himself
but for everyone. The pinging of his heart monitor accelerated rapidly. His muscles
tightened, and he tried to sit up.

Dr. Brooks quickly placed a ﬁrm hand on Langdon’s sternum, forcing him back down.
She shot a glance at the bearded doctor, who walked over to a nearby counter and began
preparing something.

Dr. Brooks hovered over Langdon, whispering now. “Mr. Langdon, anxiety is common
with brain injuries, but you need to keep your pulse rate down. No movement. No
excitement. Just lie still and rest. You’ll be okay. Your memory will come back slowly.”

The doctor returned now with a syringe, which he handed to Dr. Brooks. She injected
its contents into Langdon's IV.

“Just a mild sedative to calm you down,” she explained, “and also to help with the
pain.” She stood to go. “You’ll be ﬁne, Mr. Langdon. Just sleep. If you need anything,
press the button on your bedside."

She turned out the light and departed with the bearded doctor.

In the darkness, Langdon felt the drugs washing through his system almost instantly,
dragging his body back down into that deep well from which he had emerged. He fought
the feeling, forcing his eyes open in the darkness of his room. He tried to sit up, but his
body felt like cement.

As Langdon shifted, he found himself again facing the window. The lights were out, and
in the dark glass, his own reﬂection had disappeared, replaced by an illuminated skyline
in the distance.

Amid a contour of spires and domes, a single regal facade dominated Langdon’s ﬁeld of
view. The building was an imposing stone fortress with a notched parapet and a three-
hundred-foot tower that swelled near the top, bulging outward into a massive
machicolated battlement.

Langdon sat bolt upright in bed, pain exploding in his head. He fought off the searing
throb and ﬁxed his gaze on the tower.

Langdon knew the medieval structure well.

It was unique in the world.

Unfortunately, it was also located four thousand miles from Massachusetts.

Outside his window, hidden in the shadows of the Via Torregalli, a powerfully built
woman effortlessly unstraddled her BMW motorcycle and advanced with the intensity of a
panther stalking its prey. Her gaze was sharp. Her close-cropped hair—styled into spikes
—stood out against the upturned collar of her black leather riding suit. She checked her
silenced weapon, and stared up at the window where Robert Langdon’s light had just

